[SAKUTA] Nene Iwamizawa.
A junior
in international education.
Active as a model
in her hometown in Hokkaido
starting from high school.
Moved to Tokyo
upon entering university.
Joined a modeling agency
after winning
the Miss Campus contest.
The last time she posted
was in April of this year.
I assume that's around the time
she got puberty syndrome
and couldn't
be recognized anymore.
NENE IWAMIZAWA / TOUKO KIRISHIMA
But there's still nothing
connecting her
to Touko Kirishima
Huh.
[MAI] Sakuta. Welcome back.
You were out late.
Yeah. Good to be home.
I was doing
a little bit of research.
Heading off to work?
I'm getting there early.
I'm attending a movie festival
in Fukuoka tomorrow.
[SAKUTA] The kind you wear
dresses and stuff to?
I really want to see that.
If you mean photos
Oh, yeah, and about
our hot springs trip.
Even if you can't make it
Ryoko said she'll spend
the night with me
so you don't
have to worry about it.
See you later.
[SAKUTA] Soaking in a hot spring
with Mai. I can't wait.
But it would be a huge weight
off my shoulders
if things could get
cleared up by Christmas.
[♪ opening theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
DECEMBER 16TH
[MAN 1] Goodbye, sir.
[MAN 2] Have a good one.
HOLY NIGHT
Then I'll be
leaving now as well.
Thanks for today.
Mr. Azusagawa.
Is something wrong, Yoshiwa?
There's something
I'd like to consult you about.
I had this dream.
One where someone I know
asked out the person
he was in love with
and gets rejected.
[SAKUTA] I mean
Yeah.
So in times like this
Let me guess.
This is about
Yamada and Himeji, right?
[gasps]
[SAKUTA] Well, Yamada isn't
exactly difficult to read
but, I mean, isn't that kind of
a good thing for you?
[YOSHIWA] Of course
it's not a good thing.
Someone I like
is being toyed with
by such a repulsive girl.
If you really
want to put an end to that
why don't you
just grab Yamada's attention?
But how?
There's just no way
that I can win against Himeji.
I'd like you to listen to me
without getting angry, okay?
If I recall correctly
for a beach volleyball match
starting tomorrow, right?
Uh, yeah, I am.
A guy like Yamada
would definitely fall for you
just by sneaking peeks
of your swimsuit tan lines.
Do you really think so?
[indistinct announcement]
Hey, Mr. Sakuta.
A whole lot of people
want to talk to me today.
I promise I'm not coming to you
for advice, okay?
Huh?
I figured I should apologize
about yesterday.
I want you, Mr. Sakuta
My sudden outburst
was very rude, so I'm sorry.
Hey, do you have
some free time now?
You know, Himeji, you really are
quite adept academically.
I think you should
have a teacher looking after you
who's more fit for your level.
If you feel
so strongly about it
why don't you level up to be
more suitable for me?
I'm not so sure
that I can level up
any further at this point.
Do you have any particular
university you want to go to?
No, not right now.
Mr. Sakuta
for the university
you're attending?
So my girlfriend and I could
have a fun campus life together.
You shouldn't go telling
such an impure motive
so shamelessly
to your student, you know?
Don't you have
any other reasons?
Well, let's see.
It wasn't my plan when I was
taking entrance exams
but now I'm working towards
acquiring a teacher's license.
Wait, you're really going to
become a teacher, Mr. Sakuta?
I'll get
the credentials at least.
But I haven't told anybody this
so keep it a secret
for me, okay?
You haven't even
told your girlfriend yet?
-No, I haven't.
-Not even Miss Futaba?
Nope. Not even her.
Okay, then it'll be
our little secret
just between you and me.
Anyway, Mr. Sakuta
how's your homework assignment
coming along?
Figure it out yet?
Absolutely no clue.
Perhaps it's better
that way, though.
Huh?
And if I think about it
it's probably better
for you, too
if you don't fix
my puberty syndrome.
What do you mean by that?
When I looked it up, I learned
that it's called clairvoyance.
Clairvoyance?
That's right. No matter
how far away someone may be
what they're doing
or where they are
I can see through their eyes
and know their thoughts.
And that's why I know a whole
lot of your secrets as well.
Like how you're trying
to find Touko Kirishima.
[soft gasp]
Are you surprised?
If that's true, Himeji
do you know
where Touko Kirishima is
and what she's doing right now?
Sorry, but that I don't know.
The thing is, I only see
people I've met, and...
[claps]
...someone that I've had
a relatively strong collision
with in person.
So that's it.
Quantum entanglement.
Well, I can help you out
if you just let me
meet Touko Kirishima.
And then I can
read her mind for you.
Hold on, Himeji. You were able
to see Touko Kirishima?
Yeah, I saw her.
She's the girl dressed as
a miniskirt Santa Claus, right?
The other day
with her livestream coming up.
But knowing that information
the dream makes more sense now.
And we know why we were
together on Christmas Eve.
So, Himeji
are you free to hang out
on the 24th?
If you're insisting
that I must, Mr. Sakuta
I wouldn't be opposed
to going on a date.
[SAKUTA] Things are
starting to get strange.
But
if what's causing this is really
quantum entanglement
wouldn't I be able to see
through her eyes as well?
[inhales]
[exhales]
[pop song playing]
[soft gasp]
RECOMMENDED WINTER OUTFITS
[SARA] Oh, this one's cute.
I wonder if Mr. Sakuta
likes stuff like this.
I have to pick
where we're going, too.
We're ending up
at his university at the end
so I guess it'll be Kamakura
on the way.
[WOMAN] Sara, the water's ready.
Go take your bath.
[SARA] Okay.
[KAEDE] Big Brother
[gasps]
I see now.
So that's how it works.
What are you
gonna do, Big Brother?
Tell her I'm in the bath
and that I'll call her back.
[sighs]
I really hope
she'll forgive me for this
and let me push our hot spring
sleepover to a later day.
DECEMBER 24TH
[SANTA] Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
[SAKUTA] It's just
like the dream.
[SANTA] Merry Christmas.
Thank you.
[WOMAN] Sorry for the wait.
Wait. Mai?
What are you doing here?
I'm tagging along on your date.
But, Mai, when I
explained the situation
over the phone the other day
Yeah, and that's why
I came all prepared like this.
Hey, um, Mr. Sakuta.
What is the meaning of this?
Sorry, uh
Do you mind coming with me?
My car is parked
right over there.
Is it okay if I call you Sara?
Uh, yeah. That's okay with me.
You can go ahead
and call me Mai if you want.
Sure.
Is Sakuta teaching you properly
at the cram school?
I think I have a surprising
following for my students.
I wasn't asking you, Sakuta.
I do think he has a surprising
following from his students.
Oh, really?
Aside from myself
he has Yamada and Yoshiwa
as cram school students as well.
Both of them have approached him
for relationship advice.
Sakuta, what exactly
are you teaching?
Yoshiwa happens to be
a beach volleyball player
but she's really quite subdued
and she's in love
with an oblivious boy.
However, apparently that boy
is actually in love with me.
So to help things along
Mr. Sakuta gave her
some unbelievable advice
for him to look her way.
Knowing him, I'm sure he said
"Let him sneak a peek
at your swimsuit tan lines."
Amazing. That's exactly right.
Gotta hand it to Mai.
She knows me better than anyone.
It's something
Sakuta is likely to say.
So you two really are
an actual couple, aren't you?
Did you think that was a lie?
Uh, no, not at all.
I just meant you two
get along really well
and Mr. Sakuta is making faces
he doesn't show at cram school.
I am?
Well, it's true.
Sakuta really does love me
quite a lot.
So, Mai, where are we going?
I thought we could pick up some
souvenirs for Touko Kirishima.
I get it now.
We get her distracted with
the Mont Blanc, and then bam!
Where do you need
to hit her exactly?
I think anywhere should be fine.
[MAI] Then this shouldn't be
too difficult to pull off.
You go wait in line, Sakuta.
I need to buy some sweets that
Nodoka asked me to pick up.
And I'll take Sara
along with me.
[BOTH] Huh?
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
[chuckling]
[SAKUTA]I wonder
if Himeji is all right.
Suppose taking a little peek
won't hurt.
[SARA] What in the world
am I even doing?
I was supposed to be
on a date with Mr. Sakuta.
I was going to rent a kimono
at Komachi Street
and make him tell me I'm cute.
Then he was gonna choose
an accessory for me
and we'd have tea
at the bamboo temple.
All of it has been ruined.
At this rate
he won't look my way at all
because she's here.
Why does someone like her
have to be dating Mr. Sakuta?
Um, can I ask one thing?
[MAI] It doesn't
have to be one thing.
[SARA] Why are you
with Mr. Sakuta?
I don't think you guys
are in the same league.
Are you saying I'm not suitable
to be Mr. Sakuta's girlfriend?
The opposite.
I mean, you're able to date
much more handsome actors
or popular idols, right, Mai?
What would I do dating them?
[SARA] Huh?
What does she mean by that?
Would I brag about it
to my friends?
Well, yeah
I mean
is that bad?
I don't think so.
If you're proud
of your significant other
what's the harm
in bragging a bit?
Perhaps the one who thinks
that isn't a good thing is you.
[SARA] No, that isn't true.
That's not...
Sara, why did you
choose Mr. Sakuta?
[SARA] Because--
Is it that you thought
you'd tease him a bit
because he's
Mai Sakurajima's boyfriend?
Well, how is that going for you?
[SARA] She really is pretty.
There's nothing I can do
as long as he has
a girlfriend like her.
So, why did I...
Whenever I laid eyes
on boys in the past
every one of them ended up
falling in love with me
even the ones with girlfriends.
But as it turns out, I wasn't
one of those girlfriends, was I?
And Sakuta wasn't
one of those boys either.
[SARA] That's enough of this.
But you never really know
for sure.
Just stop.
Stop it!
If I go any further
I'm sorry
I derailed the conversation.
You asked before
why is it that I chose Sakuta.
Isn't that right?
Yes.
It's because Sakuta always
listens to all my selfish whims
even if he complains about them.
But not only that
he always compliments
my cooking as well.
And he knows how to properly
put his love into words.
[SARA] I don't get it.
I don't get it at all.
There are many more reasons.
He cares about his friends.
He thinks dearly about
his cram school students too.
He's someone who can
give his all for someone else
all while asserting
that he's doing it for himself.
Did that provide an answer
to your question?
It's very difficult
to explain with words
but if you want to know
the purpose for us dating
I can tell you that easily.
What is that purpose?
[MAI] The reason why
Sakuta and I are dating
is so we can be happy together.
He's the one person
that makes me feel that way.
So maybe that's why
I chose Sakuta.
[SARA] What is this?
It doesn't make any sense.
Although, I'd say I'm already
plenty happy right now.
[SARA] No. It's impossible.
If you think I'm lying
I'll allow you to read my mind.
That way, I think
you'll understand everything.
[SARA] Wait. No, wait.
I don't want to know.
There's no way
in the world I can win
not against someone like this.
[chuckles]
Don't touch me!
[gasps]
No good.
I can't connect anymore.
Um, excuse me, sir.
Are you Azusagawa by any chance?
Uh, yes, I am.
We have a call
from a member of your party.
Hey, Mai?
[MAI] I'm sorry
[gasps]
[panting]
[inaudible]
Where else?
[SARA] And we'd have tea
at the bamboo temple.
Sakuta! Did you find her?
No luck.
I'm sorry.
I may have said too much.
Hey, Mai
do you know
of any bamboo temples?
[panting]
[footsteps]
Thank goodness.
[gasps] Mr. Sakuta
Ow.
Are you okay?
But why?
I'm a teacher.
If one of my students got lost
I'd search desperately.
That's not what I mean.
Besides
with a plan together.
A plan?
Yeah, so you can bump your head
into Touko Kirishima, remember?
I'll open up
the box of Mont Blancs
and hand it over
to Touko Kirishima.
So when she peers into the box
how about you give her a good
whack right on the noggin?
It's no good.
Hmm?
I can't see anything anymore
or hear anything.
The voices in Mr. Sakuta's heart
or the voices of anyone else.
That's why I got scared
and ran away.
I see. You want another bump?
[SARA] Why?
Why?
Why? [sobs]
Why can't I
hear anything anymore?
Why is this happening?
It'll be okay.
Being cured
of your puberty syndrome
-is a good thing.
-No, it isn't good at all!
If it's gone, it means that I'm
completely useless to you now.
You've already helped me a ton
just by being
one of my students.
I wanna be more than just
another one of your students.
If I'm being honest with you
I'd prefer
not to have to use you
so I'm actually glad
you've been cured.
Really. Thanks for trying.
Why, though?
How can you say that
when you were fully aware
of what I was doing
with my puberty syndrome?
[sobs] I peered
into everyone's hearts
and toyed with their emotions.
You know
every bit of that is true.
So why are you
still being so kind to me?
[crying]
Well, that's easy.
That's just the kind of person
I want to become.
[SARA] Please be
rightfully angry with me.
At least act like
you're troubled a little bit.
Because at this point
I'm totally lost.
You're not being fair
Well, we adults do tend
to be rather cunning.
[crying]
Mr. Sakuta
right now
I really, really wish
I had fallen in love with you
in a much more proper way.
I think you know this
but the school's manual says
that teachers are prohibited
from dating students.
Okay.
Then, if I get accepted
to my first choice school
I'll ask you out again
at that time.
That would be more appropriate.
[MAI] But you can't
Remember, Touko Kirishima
is waiting at the university.
[pop song playing on phone]
LIVE
[panting]
You're late. It's over.
You could have waited
at least a little while for me.
Nene Iwamizawa.
That's your name, right?
Junior
in international education
and last year's
Miss Campus winner.
-And you're from Hokkaido--
-My name is Touko Kirishima.
Mr. Sakuta
who have you been speaking to
the past few minutes?
Is she here right now?
Not now.
She just left.
That's weird
when I peeked
into your heart before.
Yeah, but that's likely because
you were seeing what I saw.
Oh. So in that case
I wouldn't have been
of much use to you anyway.
I feel so stupid.
Well, at least we didn't
come here with high hopes
so it's probably better
this way.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Oh, phooey.
It's Christmas Eve
but nothing good
is even happening.
How about I buy you a cake
on the way home?
Wait, you mean it?
[giggles] Hooray!
[sighs deeply]
[door opens and closes]
How is it? Feels good, huh?
This place is heavenly.
The only thing better would be
if I could take this bath
together with you.
That good enough for you?
To be honest, Mai...
Hymen ruptured!
You'll make my yukata wet
Oh, right.
I got a text
from Futaba earlier.
She asked
could I borrow him
for just a minute?"
Hey, what's up?
[RIO] You really said something
you shouldn't have to Kasai.
Why? Did something happen?
I told him
that I couldn't date a student
and he responded with
to my first choice university
Wow, he really did it, huh?
That was your suggestion
So how about
you take responsibility
and help him get accepted
to his first choice?
Come on
That's all I have to say.
Please tell Sakurajima
I'm sorry
for bothering her on holiday.
See ya.
What did Futaba have to say?
[SAKUTA] That she's sorry
for bothering you
during the holiday.
Come on, you two
come inside
before you both catch a cold.
Okay.
[SAKUTA] Mai.
Thanks for today.
You're very welcome.
[SAKUTA] That night
A strange dream that I can
only think was reality.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF HIS STUDENT
[SARA] Oh, Mr. Sakuta
NEXT EPISODE
#11 THE WORLD DREAMS